Fix procedures in Cloud includes and references (#5444)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/cloud/reference/ece-tools-reference.md

## Verify environment configuration

> There is a set of verification commands available to help evaluate the configuration of your project. See [Smart wizards][wizard] in the _Optimize deployment_ section for a detailed description of each wizard command. The `wizard:ideal-state` command runs automatically during the build phase. To verify the ideal state of your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ site.data.var.ece }} provides a set of wizard commands to help evaluate and verify project configuration. See [Smart wizards][wizard] in the _Optimize deployment_ section for a detailed description of each command. The `wizard:ideal-state` command runs automatically during the build phase. To verify the ideal state of your project:
```
